---
layout: videogames
title:  "Games of the Atari 2600"
date:   2024-07-24 10:10:16 +0900
categories: atari 2600 games cartridges
style: videogames
---
We can put a **block of introduction** text here. _Lorem ipsum et tu valorius._ Cannon quis quodinum ins su lo moriando. We can put a block of introduction text here. Lorem ipsum et tu valorius. Cannon quis quodinum ins su lo moriando.
We can put a block of introduction text here. Lorem ipsum et tu valorius. Cannon quis quodinum ins su lo moriando.

<h2 id="orange">Atari</h2>
While we can certainly point to certain typefaces and say, "Yes, that's the Atari I remember." there are certainly inconsistencies in font choice, especially in the early days. While Harry is the typeface used for a great many early layouts, most notably within the Atari logo itself, its close cousin Horatio does show up from time to time, just to keep things confusing.
{% include gallery.html title="Variations on a Theme" color="orange" %}


### Text Label

{% include comparison.html image="invaders" %}
There are two variants on the "text label" style: the # version and the text-only version. Only a scant few games were made in the # version, at a time when Atari seemed to believe that a countable number of games would be produced for the system.

Once that idea was abandoned, the numbering stopped and the typography was tightened up considerably. The slightly slapdash layouts on the early cartridges was given a more polished, professional, clean look.
<br><br><br><br>

{% include comparison.html image="surround" %}
There are two variants on the "text label" style: the # version and the text-only version. Only a scant few games were made in the # version, at a time when Atari seemed to believe that a countable number of games would be produced for the system.

Once that idea was abandoned, the numbering stopped and the typography was tightened up considerably. The slightly slapdash layouts on the early cartridges was given a more polished, professional, clean look.
<br><br><br><br>

### Picture Label

### Silver Label

### Red Label

The "red label"  eschewed any sense of interesting design, swapping in plain ole' Helvetica as its workhorse typeface, and called it a day. Low-effort all around, mostly repackages of prior classics for the 2600jr console re-release during the NES's final days.

### Educational

<h2 id="red">Sears TeleGames</h2>

<h2 id="purple">Activision</h2>

<h2 id="blue">Mattel M-Network</h2>

<h2 id="green">Imagic</h2>

<h2 id="orange">U.S. Games</h2>
